Day one.
Having been inaugurated President of the United States,
Joseph Biden,
Signed an executive order that moves to transgenderize your children in school.
The blaze reports.
President Joe Biden.
Signed
In executive order, reinterpreting Title IX of federal law and regulations.
Ensuring now that
Transgender students, in other words,,
Teenage boys who pretend to be teenage girls,
Are now allowed to use the bathroom or locker room that aligns with their gender identity in public schools.
If your local public school board resists this,
There are threats of removing federal funding from your school.
This had been already done by
President Obama administration during the last year of his tenure, but was reversed for four years by the Trump administration.
Who had revoked such guidance,
early in trump's tenure arguing that.
Title nine prohibits discrimination based on sex, but not on gender identity. in other words,
Pretend imaginary,
Changes of gender.
the obama era rule now being reinstated by biden immediately becomes subject to legal challenges after it was.
Already put in place in May of 2016,
But about half of the states
Went ahead and sued the Obama administration over that.
Heinous directive.
Without federal guidance, policies with regard to transgender discrimination were then left to the states.
But now,
That Biden is poised and has now returned to the White House.
The guidance issued when he was vice president is now put back when he is president.
A statement on the Biden campaign website said the following, quote,
This is a fulfillment of his pledge. He said, quote, on first day in office, Biden will reinstate the Obama-Biden guidance revoked by the Trump administration, which will restore.
Transgender students access
To sports, bathrooms, and locker rooms in accordance with their gender identity.
In other words, their imaginary gender.
He will direct his Department of Education to vigorously enforce and investigate violations of.
Transgender students' civil rights.
End quote.
And those civil rights are to violate
Your normal child's.
Privacy rights.
They have a right to violate.
Your children.
Says Biden.
Under the new guidance, which,
Biden signed as one of his first
Executive orders.
All schools will receive federal funds.
Who receive them are required to comply.
Or risk having their funds withdrawn. the move will undoubtedly spark outcry among conservatives.
Who do not wish to see the federal government overstepping its bounds and mandating compliance on.
divisive,
issues.
That's to say the least. They also violate
The safety,
Of little girls.
Similar challenges to those launched in 2016 will almost certainly follow suit.
The move should not come as a surprise since Biden has been telegraphing sweeping changes.
in his allegiance to the l g b t agenda.
For quite some time,
He also has promised to sign the so-called Equality Act, which would extend all protections found in federal civil rights,
Civil rights law,
to LGBTQ individuals.
and repeal, in part, the 1993 Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
But the Democrat Party, which heralds itself as a party of science,
Has instead now moved far to the left on the injury of.
Issue of transgender non-science denying the biological reality.
Of the Dna-infused binary structure of.
People's gender. people are male and female.
While the campaign trail,
biden suggests that children as young as eight years old, biden himself suggested.
Eight year olds should be able to legally change their gender.
And that's the news. Or thanks to the Blaze for that report.
Let's take a moment and discern the spirits.
Uh,
Setting aside the
The gender confusion part of it, you know, I've said repeatedly that,
It's not a little girl inside of you, Johnny. it's a demon inside of you pretending to be a little girl. So you need to discern that spirit inside of yourself and renounce it. but setting that aside,
The government pressure,
Against,
Not just public schools, but.
If they sign in the so-called equality Act against religious schools, there are no religious exceptions.
To.
The repeal of the Nineteen Ninety Three Religious Freedom Restoration Act. Of Christian business owners, Jack Phillips, the baker, you're going to have to cater.
This government oppression is its own demonic spirit.
Which is now?
Moving alongside a spirit of perversion.
To come after your children.
The Bible says this in Matthew 18, Jesus said,
Warned against.
Such fraud?
You warn people who want to harm children.
Maybe this is written to Biden himself. Whoever
Causes one of these little ones who believe in me to sin
It would be better for him if a millstone were hung around his deck.
Neck, and he be drowned in the depths of the sea.
Let's pray about this. Would you pray with me?
Father in heaven, we pray against
The spirit of oppression, which is coming against children,
Which would violate their privacy and safety.
Father, we pray for every teenage girl who is now going to be subject to abuse.
Because of this,
Biden overstepping.
Father, we pray they will be kept innocent, that they will be protected.
that that
that teenage girls who engage in sports would be able to compete on a level playing field instead of playing.
Running and and wrestling against boys.
Who want to violate their.
Safety. Father, we pray.
That there would be a spirit of sanity which is restored to the U S. government.
And that schools would have freedom.
To do the right thing.
to protect the kids. In Jesus' name, amen.
Are you frustrated by recent events in American politics?
The USU had the power to change things.
Well now you do.
Don't say I'm only one person, I can't make a difference because we can teach one person.
With a little bit of political knowledge, how to take back their country and make a real difference.
When you get the book, How to Liberate the World,
A step-by-step guide to take back your country.
I wrote this book on personal experience having helped change bad laws or policies in 13 states
And won my own office in my own election for legislature.
I teach you how to use these political tools the same way that the left has been using for years. We now offer
to Christians to use the right way to expand God's kingdom.
There's a prayer after every chapter.
And in the book, How to Liberate the World We Teach You.
How to write a petition.
And get a thousand people.
To sign your petition.
How to organize a rally and get a thousand people to march with you.
How to write a press release and get your story in the newspapers.
How to do fundraising for your cause or your organization. that chapter alone is worth the price of the book.
And finally, how to run for office and win.
These things are all in how to liberate the world and just to prove to you they really work
We're going to throw in this DVD.
Activist Christian set
uh this is a thirty dollar value we're giving it to you half for half price fifteen dollars for this fifteen dollars for this normally the two together would be forty five dollars we're gonna give it to you for you.
to you for $30 suggested donation when you call us today at 8660-BAGOD.
Again, that's 866-obeygod.
or visit the website PrayInJesusName.org. Click on the online bookstore
But for free shipping you got to call us now 866 obey god you can take back your country we will give you the tools so you're not frustrated anymore you will have power
through prayer, through the Holy Ghost, through God to take back your country call today.
Dr. Chaps needs your financial support to stay on the air. Would you please send your best financial donation today? Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online or you can mail a check to PrayInJesus.org
to pray in Jesus' name ministries. Post Office Box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970. You can also call us toll free right now. 866-089-3333.
Ah, that's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D. Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org. Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org. Thank you.